README.md, before:

[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-AndroidOnboarder-green.svg?style=true)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/3393)

![Maven Badge](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.github.chyrta/AndroidOnboarder/badge.svg)

# Android Onboarder
Android Onboarder is a lightweight library that helps you to create a simple and beautiful welcome screen (as known as App Intro, Onboarding Experience and etc.) for your users.

![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chyrta/AndroidOnboarder/master/art/androidOnboarder.gif)

## Usage

#### Gradle

Add dependency in your build.gradle

```groovy
compile 'com.github.chyrta:AndroidOnboarder:0.3'
```
#### Maven

```
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.github.chyrta</groupId>
    <artifactId>AndroidOnboarder</artifactId>
    <version>0.3</version>
    <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```

2. Create an activity which should inherits from OnboarderActivity. Look at the example below to see how that library works.

```java

public class IntroActivity extends OnboarderActivity {

  List<OnboarderPage> onboarderPages;

  @Override
  protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
    onboarderPages = new ArrayList<OnboarderPage>();

    // Create your first page
    OnboarderPage onboarderPage1 = new OnboarderPage("Title 1", "Description 1");
    OnboarderPage onboarderPage2 = new OnboarderPage(R.string.app_title, R.string.app_description, R.drawable.my_awesome_image);

    // You can define title and description colors (by default white)
    onboarderPage1.setTitleColor(R.color.black);
    onboarderPage1.setDescriptionColor(R.color.white);

    // Don't forget to set background color for your page
    onboarderPage1.setBackgroundColor(R.color.my_awesome_color);

    // Add your pages to the list
    onboarderPages.add(onboarderPage1);
    onboarderPages.add(onboarderPage2);

    // And pass your pages to 'setOnboardPagesReady' method
    setOnboardPagesReady(onboarderPages);

  }

  @Override
  public void onSkipButtonPressed() {
    // Define your actions when the user press 'Skip' button
  }

  @Override
  public void onFinishButtonPressed()
    // Define your actions when the user press 'Finish' button
  }

}
```
## Contributions

Feel free to create issues and pull requests

## License

```
The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Dzmitry Chyrta

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

Added spanish translations, created layout-land, added a method to darken the buttons layout (shouldDarkenButtonsLayout), enhanced sample.

README.md, after:

[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-AndroidOnboarder-green.svg?style=true)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/3393)

![Maven Badge](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.github.chyrta/AndroidOnboarder/badge.svg)

# Android Onboarder
Android Onboarder is a lightweight library that helps you to create a simple and beautiful welcome screen (as known as App Intro, Onboarding Experience and etc.) for your users.

<image src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrenderG/AndroidOnboarder/master/art/demo1.gif" width="250px">
<image src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrenderG/AndroidOnboarder/master/art/demo2.gif" width="250px">

## Usage

#### Gradle

Add dependency in your build.gradle

```groovy
compile 'com.github.chyrta:AndroidOnboarder:0.3'
```
#### Maven

```
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.github.chyrta</groupId>
    <artifactId>AndroidOnboarder</artifactId>
    <version>0.3</version>
    <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```

#### Implementation

Create an activity which should inherits from OnboarderActivity. Look at the example below to see how that library works.

```java

public class IntroActivity extends OnboarderActivity {

  List<OnboarderPage> onboarderPages;

  @Override
  protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
    onboarderPages = new ArrayList<OnboarderPage>();

    // Create your first page
    OnboarderPage onboarderPage1 = new OnboarderPage("Title 1", "Description 1");
    OnboarderPage onboarderPage2 = new OnboarderPage(R.string.app_title, R.string.app_description, R.drawable.my_awesome_image);

    // You can define title and description colors (by default white)
    onboarderPage1.setTitleColor(R.color.black);
    onboarderPage1.setDescriptionColor(R.color.white);

    // Don't forget to set background color for your page
    onboarderPage1.setBackgroundColor(R.color.my_awesome_color);

    // Add your pages to the list
    onboarderPages.add(onboarderPage1);
    onboarderPages.add(onboarderPage2);

    // And pass your pages to 'setOnboardPagesReady' method
    setOnboardPagesReady(onboarderPages);

  }

  @Override
  public void onSkipButtonPressed() {
    // Define your actions when the user press 'Skip' button
  }

  @Override
  public void onFinishButtonPressed()
    // Define your actions when the user press 'Finish' button
  }

}
```

#### Tips

Remember that you can change dot's colors (active and inactive) and darken the layout where buttons are placed.
(Inside your Activity that extends ```OnboarderActivity```):

```java

setActiveIndicatorColor(android.R.color.white);
setInactiveIndicatorColor(android.R.color.darker_gray);
shouldDarkenButtonsLayout(true);

```


## Contributions

Feel free to create issues and pull requests

## License

```
The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Dzmitry Chyrta and Daniel Morales

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```
